Features of client/server
Communication between the client (person giving request) and server (giving response) via a common protocol and a server can only 
accommodate only limited number of client requests at a time so it uses a system based to priority to respond to the requests.
It gives authentication for secured transactions.

Web server in a client server environment
A Web server is software or hardware that uses HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) and other protocols to respond to client 
requests made over the World Wide Web (WWW).The Web server process is an example of the client/server model. 

Role of the presentation layer
The presentation layer acts as a translator between the application and the network, mainly addressing the syntax representation of user
information.

They say this architecture is secure, how is it done in your opinion?
The presentation helps in encrypting the data so they allow secure transaction between the client and server and the transport and 
network layer make sure the packets reaches the correct port.The datalink layer makes sure error free data frame transfer from one 
side to another of physical link.

Database Server 
Database servers are used to store and manage databases that are stored on the server and to provide data access for authorized users.
This type of server keeps the data in a central location that will be a back-end system. It also allows users and applications to 
centrally access the data across the network.It performs tasks such as data analysis, storage, data manipulation, archiving etc

What are Super servers in client server environments?
A super-server starts other servers when needed, normally with access to them checked by a TCP wrapper.This can be ideal for
workstations used for local web development, client/server development[citation needed] or low-traffic daemons with occasional usage.

2-Tier and 3-Tier architecture
2 Tier => The client on one machine and the server and database on one machine, i.e. two machines where Presentation layer runs on a 
client (PC, Mobile, Tablet, etc) and data is stored on a Server.
3 Tier => We have three different machines one for each client, server and a separate machine dedicated to database(presentation tier,
application tier and dbase tier).This DBMS architecture contains an Application layer between the user and the DBMS, which is 
responsible for communicating the user's request to the DBMS system and send the response from the DBMS to the user.The application 
layer(business logic layer) also processes functional logic, constraint and rules before passing data to the user or down to the DBMS.

What is a File server?
Server theat provides access to the files.It acts as a central file storage location that can be accessed by multiple systems.
In a business setting where security is important, a file server may require all client systems to log in before accessing the server.
