Explain REST and RESTFUL?
REST(Represtational State Transfer) is an architectural pattern for creating web services while RESTful service is one which implements 
this pattern. 

Mention what are the HTTP methods supported by REST?
GET - to retrieve data from dbase
PUT- Update/Replace the records
POST- To create the record
DELETE- To delete the record
PATCH- Partial update or modify the records.

Explain the architectural style for creating web API?
REST is a software architectural style that defines the set of rules to be used for creating web services. Web services which follow
the REST architectural style are known as RESTful web services. It allows requesting systems to access and manipulate web resources by
using a uniform and predefined set of rules.

Explain the RESTFul Web Service?
Restful Web Service is a lightweight, maintainable, and scalable service that is built on the REST architecture. Restful Web Service, 
expose API from your application in a secure, uniform, stateless manner to the calling client. The calling client can perform predefined
operations using the Restful service.

Explain what is a “Resource” in REST?
REST architecture treats every content as a resource. These resources can be Text Files, Html Pages, Images, Videos or Dynamic Business
Data.REST Server simply provides access to resources and REST client accesses and modifies the resources. REST uses various 
representations to represent a resource where Text, JSON, XML.The most popular representations of resources are XML and JSON.

Which protocol is used by RESTful web services?
HTTP

What is messaging in RESTful web services?
The RESTful Web Service uses HTTP as as method of communication between client and server.Where the message send from client is known 
as HTTP request and the response given back server is known as HTTP response. So basically this technique of transfering data is known 
as messaging. 

State the core components of an HTTP Request?
HTTP request mainy consist of 3 parts:
1. Startline/Request line: contain <method> the <url> <http:version>
2. Header: host:website,Accept:text/html,Accept-language
3. Body: data content or the orginal data requested by the client

State the core components of an HTTP response?
Same as request it have 3 parts:
1. Startline/Response line: <http:version> <status code>
2. Header: host:website,Accept:text/html,Accept-language
3. Body: file requested 

What do you understand about payload in RESTFul web service?
Payload is carrying capacity of a packet or transmission data.

Explain the caching mechanism?
Caching is a technique to speed up data lookups (data reading). Instead of reading the data directly from it source, which could be
a database or another remote system, the data is read directly from a cache on the computer that needs the data

List the main differences between SOAP and REST?
SOAP stands for Simple Object Access Protocol whereas REST stands for Representational State Transfer.
SOAP only works with XML formats whereas REST work with plain text, XML, HTML and JSON. 
SOAP cannot make use of REST whereas REST can make use of SOAP.
REST ias a connectionless protocol while SOAP is not.
Compared to REST SOAP is more secure.
SOAP is a protocol while REST is a architectual style in which webservice can be implemented using RESTful services.

Enlist advantages and disadvantages of ‘Statelessness’.
A stateless system is one that has no resident memory used to store information between sessions.Stateless means the state of the 
service doesn't ersist between subsequent requests and response. Each request carries its own user credentials and is individually
authenticated. Examples of stateless applications is the HTML applications used to run internet sites and pages. These applications
are stateless as they do not keep and store information about users or user activity after a user has left a site.
Benefits of stateless applications is that the maintaining parties don't have the responsibility of managing the resident memory. 
Stateless applications can be less costly than a similar stateful application. 
They can also be less complex, as there’s no requirement to take in data and keep it on hand, to record it for use later. 
Every session is brand new and the same programming occurs.
Disadv of this applications is that, as mentioned, they will not keep information about a particular user session. 
This issue is evident in the design of cookies to handle user session information on the internet. Generally speaking, using cookies 
is less efficient than any in-memory system would be. Webmasters have the responsibility of manipulating and maintaining the cookies.
So stateless systems are inherently less capable.
